6.4.0: Update etcd 3.3 mentions to 3.5 (#3214)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.4/operations/deploy-sensu/cluster-sensu.md

If you do not properly configure secure etcd communication, your Sensu configuration will be vulnerable to unauthorized manipulation via etcd client connections.
{{% /notice %}}

> To use Sensu with an external etcd cluster, you must have etcd 3.5.0 or newer.

Author: ```suggestion
To use Sensu with an external etcd cluster, you must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer.
```
